Jefferson
-  If job end date has passed, set to full.
-  If volunteer has not been to data validation after 24 hours, delete record
-  show volunteers on job page
-  show jobs on organization page
-  update closed on date appropriately
-  update reason closed
*  Fix permissions on every view, page and case - Always check for permission!
-  create db Dump of generic groups/users
*  Add logo to the top of all pages


Michael
X  Format forms to match paper forms
*  seperated day,mon,year fields in date fields
*  add date selector
*  Add CSS
-  Change colors of pages to be easier to read
 
addVolunteer.html
X  Add waiver
*  Field lengths (capacities, notes, etc.)


Notes from Trial run on Nov 21, 2015
 - Phone Bank: addJob - Required skills needs a larger text field
 - Expand "Other Skills" box at bottom of addVolunteer
 - Other skills to consider:
    - Equipment you have with you right now:
       - Axe
       - Pick Axe
       - Crow Bar
       - Shovel (Round or Flat)
       - Generator
       - Power Inverter....
 - HAM operator (needs license classification - dropdown menu)
 - Job needed dates at interview station
 - Notes box for user, available and viewable at all stations
 - addVolunteer - Under availability or skills, add options for military or reserve (with branch selection)
 - Better router
 - WiFi printer
 - Reject duplicates
 - Search page - selection to order by name/phone number
 
Notes from Trial run on Aug 2, 2016
 Bugs
 -  Register page, some formatting issues (minor)
 -  When a form is modified, it sends people back to ID Check
 Common Errors
 -  Registration: Commas instead of periods in email address
 Comments
 -  Jobs that need are perpetual (will be needed every time). Extended end date vs. no end date
 -  Tracking hours… how to not duplicate hour records
 -  One corporation seeing hours spent by volunteer with another organization
 -  Emergency Management should be able to see all volunteer hours and jobs
 -  Maps and organizations could be switched so if people report to a present organization don’t have to stop by
 -  Go through quickly, because volunteers come from miles around, and get upset when there aren’t any jobs available
 -  What is the difference between Data Check and Interview stations?
    -  Data Check is to draw out any information the volunteer missed
    -  Interview matches the volunteer with the job (Rename to "Job Assignment"?)
 -  Blue sheet is redundant on purpose
 -  Getting people through in an efficient manner is critical
 -  Size of facility...can we make a clarification of “No less than an area of…”
    -  If you can do things in different rooms, it’s best to minimize noise
 -  Colors of site make it hard to read
 -  Interview station couldn’t modify or make notes on volunteer’s information
    -  That task is meant for the Data Check station
    -  If something needs to be corrected, they should be sent back to Data Check
 -  Allow people to update information on their own computers so they don’t have to go back to a previous station

